Yes it is everyone 's answer ahead
I will be the first video posting this time
I would like to introduce you to Matsu Pipe
It's a bit hard though
I hope you see it
I hope to do it
First of all this spike is f 50 trx hg
About 21st of August I bought it before the library
Used in artificial turf
I'd live around
Four days
Bach
f 50 This grinded I'm I'm Mechakaru this is Well certainly really painful Te
N Day
Over from asthma eastern to the previous minutes
It is used
It looks like a rock hybrid stand part
Lethal Zone 2 was zone and play to play wasｰｰｰｰ Inn
Predator 's current instinct
Is used
Spine effect day spine effect
This this is was easy to fit Teko' tea play in foot
eh
If you say Seki's person to the theater
There is a cherry tree Masun
Crap
Lost
Hey this is
I know Suguremono say exactly carried out the ball control in a state in which the riding speed
The
A little abolition too much
I did not understand well
It is a postscript joint main Tan
here
f teachers by written
Hey Shi US coverage have been used have been also used in 6 rooms yesterday here also
The end is pretty thin yeah
Say do you
It was issued a lightness
Great
Medium speed
This mesh material is used over high speed
Reprint is thin
I wear I think you'll
Here is such a feeling
I am writing pretend love's
It is an additional card
Heel have been decisive action to narrow down
Gateau by narrowing down
Enhance picking
I am
Oh dear
This
Do
It's getting tough so eh
Let's have another issue outsole
I think so temporarily for the heart wound
It is a start that is a taste, but I developed it independently
With blade studs
It was made by multiplying the good parts of the round shape trade-in
It is a triangle stud
This is really strong
Engraving this
I like hg sole
Let's meet in the next group
Hmm
Pop
Contents 1 concert
It was
I can not deliver it by video
Big tits water
After all it is light ー
The number of sounds is poured
I'm buying it
f 5 Then I will come with two if I buy Encounter Zero
The first one is
This put I'd played
It was so light
A lot of flowers are assigned
maiko I want to
You ne What is here'm a child
I think
It seems to be there , but it is such
I started with my father, but I started
It is another This does not rinse under stringent considered distribute other words or so strange
this
High school something
There is a plan in kk this
This is
Not slippery
To spanic in the shoes
It is a picture made to make it difficult
After all
I do not have
Back
If you have sewing breath of fresh air It is what here
This is already
Please press
not really
Hey, do not go to the Toka absorbent
Is n't it
One more
Some point this spike is good even
The fitting has something to say
There is one decision
I'd been found to buy this autumn 0 for the first time
It is the color
Because you can use it so thinly
The thrust is terrible
After practicing using this
It became weird to be known
Well actually it is 4 clothes
I purchased this spike for around 11,100 yen
I want to try sports on dogs
I have been treated on the return trip but it was really good
What is this
Then thank you for watching the chin